README.md, before:

# Welcome to YT-MP4-Converter 👋
![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.0-blue.svg?cacheSeconds=2592000)
[![Documentation](https://img.shields.io/badge/Documentation-yes-green.svg)]()
[![Maintenance](https://img.shields.io/badge/Maintained%3F-yes-green.svg)]()
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/github/license/tonycrosby-tech/YT-MP3-Converter)]( )

## Description
### YT-MP4-Converter is a simple command-line tool that allows you to convert YouTube videos to MP4 audio files with ease. No need to visit any online converter websites or install complex software – just provide the YouTube video URL, and YT-MP4-Converter will handle the rest.

## Installation
### By installing pyinstaller with ```pip3 install pyinstaller```

### Then you can build the project with ```pyinstaller youtube.py```

#### You can also just run it by ```python youtube.py``` 

## Run tests

```
Currently no tests: To be implemented in the future.
```

## Author

👤 **Tony Crosby**

* GitHub: [@tonycrosby-tech](https://github.com/tonycrosby-tech)
* LinkedIn: [@tony-crosby-tech](https://linkedin.com/in/tony-crosby-tech)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check [issues page]( ).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if this project helped you!


## 📝 License

Copyright © 2023 [Tony Crosby](https://github.com/tonycrosby-tech).

Commit message:

adding gif for live demo

README.md, after:

# Welcome to YT-MP4-Converter 👋
![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.0-blue.svg?cacheSeconds=2592000)
[![Documentation](https://img.shields.io/badge/Documentation-yes-green.svg)]()
[![Maintenance](https://img.shields.io/badge/Maintained%3F-yes-green.svg)]()
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/github/license/tonycrosby-tech/YT-MP3-Converter)]( )

## Description
### YT-MP4-Converter is a simple command-line tool that allows you to convert YouTube videos to MP4 audio files with ease. No need to visit any online converter websites or install complex software – just provide the YouTube video URL, and YT-MP4-Converter will handle the rest.

## Live Demo
![Live Demo](vid/yt-mp4.gif)

## Installation
### By installing pyinstaller with ```pip3 install pyinstaller```

### Then you can build the project with ```pyinstaller youtube.py```

#### You can also just run it by ```python youtube.py```

#### Also the .exe is inside the dist/youtube folder

## Run tests

```
Currently no tests: To be implemented in the future.
```

## Author

👤 **Tony Crosby**

* GitHub: [@tonycrosby-tech](https://github.com/tonycrosby-tech)
* LinkedIn: [@tony-crosby-tech](https://linkedin.com/in/tony-crosby-tech)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check [issues page]( ).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if this project helped you!


## 📝 License

Copyright © 2023 [Tony Crosby](https://github.com/tonycrosby-tech).
